node_modules/framer/resource.d.ts
node_modules/framer/package.json
node_modules/framer/node_modules/react/package.json
node_modules/framer/node_modules/react/index.d.ts
node_modules/framer/node_modules/react/global.d.ts
node_modules/framer/node_modules/react/experimental.d.ts
node_modules/framer/node_modules/prop-types/package.json
node_modules/framer/node_modules/prop-types/index.d.ts
node_modules/framer/node_modules/framer-motion/package.json
node_modules/framer/node_modules/framer-motion/dist/framer-motion.d.ts
node_modules/framer/node_modules/csstype/package.json
node_modules/framer/node_modules/csstype/index.d.ts
node_modules/framer/build/framer.js.map
node_modules/framer/build/framer.js
node_modules/framer/build/framer.debug.js.map
node_modules/framer/build/framer.debug.js
node_modules/framer/build/framer.d.ts
node_modules/framer/build/framer.api.json
node_modules/framer/README.md
node_modules/framer/LICENSE.md
node_modules/framer/CHANGELOG.md
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/package.json
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/styleParsing.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/randomID.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/propNameHelpers.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/pick.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/omit.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/nodeHelpers.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/extractEventHandlersFromProps.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/equalizeArrayLength.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/calculateRect.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/utils/addAnimatableWrapperToNodeIfNeeded.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/useWhyDidYouUpdate.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/transitions.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/thumbnailStyles.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/store/keyStore.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/store/globalStore.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/placeholderState.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/index.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/hooks/useLongPress.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/hooks/useDoubleTap.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/controls.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/actions.ts
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/SwitchToStateAction.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/SwitchOverrideExamples.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/Switch.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/PreventLayoutIdGeneration.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/code/AutoAnimatedState.tsx
node_modules/@framer/tishogeorgiev.switch/README.md
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/package.json
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/code/TimerCountdown.tsx
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/code/App.tsx
node_modules/@framer/sonnylazuardi.timer-countdown-target-frame/README.md
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/package.json
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/code/MaterialIcon.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/build/index.js
node_modules/@framer/mikejohnson.material-icons/README.md
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/setupTests.ts
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/package.json
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/jest.config.js
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/wip/StoreLocator.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/wip/StoreLocator.css
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/TransformRequest.ts
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/Pin.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/MapboxMapCore.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/MapboxControlComponent.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/MapTypes.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/MapSearchGeocoder.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/MapSearch.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/LocationHash.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/GetAccessTokenWatermark.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/CustomLocationMap.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/Constants.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/CityLocationMap.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/Card.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/details/Card.css
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/WorkaroundForCard.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/SequentialLocations.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/SequentialLocationMap.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/MarkerMap.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/code/$9_11_Mapbox.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/__tests__/MapboxMapCore.spec.tsx
node_modules/@framer/mapbox.mapbox/README.md
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/package.json
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/design/images/llZOgeV9rslv3RQixrm3lqjZanQ.png
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/design/images/aVg2zVpP1IvSgWMvVZnX4OMAfBc.png
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/design/images/EwxtT4CQ6mo3rGl0cNZ79dgW1I.png
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/code/Avatar.tsx
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/build/index.js
node_modules/@framer/lada.simple-avatars-wip/README.md
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/package.json
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/code/kits.tsx
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/code/Sounds.tsx
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/code/Overrides.tsx
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/ui_refresh-feed.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/ui_loading.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/navigation_unavailable-selection.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/navigation_transition-right.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/navigation_transition-left.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/navigation-cancel.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/alert_error-03.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/alert_error-02.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/04_Secondary_System_Sounds/alert_error-01.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/ui_unlock.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/ui_tap-variant-04.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/ui_tap-variant-03.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/ui_tap-variant-02.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/ui_tap-variant-01.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/ui_lock.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/ui_camera-shutter.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/state-change_confirm-up.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/state-change_confirm-down.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/navigation_selection-complete-celebration.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/navigation_hover-tap.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/navigation_forward-selection.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/navigation_forward-selection-minimal.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/navigation_backward-selection.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/03_Primary_System_Sounds/navigation_backward-selection-minimal.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/ringtone_minimal.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/notification_simple-02.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/notification_simple-01.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/notification_high-intensity.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/notification_decorative-02.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/notification_decorative-01.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/notification_ambient.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/alert_simple.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/alert_high-intensity.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/02_Alerts_and_Notifications/alarm_gentle.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/01_Hero_Sounds/hero_simple-celebration-03.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/01_Hero_Sounds/hero_simple-celebration-02.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/01_Hero_Sounds/hero_simple-celebration-01.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/01_Hero_Sounds/hero_decorative-celebration-03.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/01_Hero_Sounds/hero_decorative-celebration-02.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/google/01_Hero_Sounds/hero_decorative-celebration-01.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 9.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 8.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 7.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 6.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 5.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 4.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 3.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Notification 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Alert 5.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Alert 4.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Alert 3.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Alert 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Notifications_and_Alerts/Alert 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Errors_and_Cancel/Error 5.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Errors_and_Cancel/Error 4.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Errors_and_Cancel/Error 3.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Errors_and_Cancel/Error 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Errors_and_Cancel/Error 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Errors_and_Cancel/Cancel 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Errors_and_Cancel/Cancel 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Complete_and_Success/Success 3.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Complete_and_Success/Success 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Complete_and_Success/Success 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Complete_and_Success/Complete 3.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Complete_and_Success/Complete 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Complete_and_Success/Complete 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Tab 3.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Tab 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Tab 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Expand.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Collapse.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Button 7.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Button 6.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Button 5.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Button 4.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Button 3.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Button 2.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/assets/sounds/facebook/Buttons_and_Navigation/Button 1.m4a
node_modules/@framer/ismael.sounds/README.md
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/package.json
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/code/Stopwatch.tsx
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/code/App.tsx
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/build/index.js
node_modules/@framer/gdpr.stopwatch/README.md
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/package.json
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/code/LottieAnimation.tsx
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/build/index.js
node_modules/@framer/gavin-owens.lottie-animations/README.md
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/package.json
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/code/Lottie.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/assets/lottie.png
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/assets/logo.json
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/assets/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/assets/component.png
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/assets/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/framer.lottie/README.md
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/package.json
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/useOnNavigationTargetChange.ts
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/useLoop.ts
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/urls.ts
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/isBrowserSafari.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/indentTitle.ts
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/constants.ts
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/colorFromToken.ts
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/Storage.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/lib/Cache.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/assets/poweredByGiphy.ts
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Youtube.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Video.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Unsplash.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Toggle.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Tabs.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Slider.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/SegmentedControl.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/RadioButtons.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Notes.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Loading.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Input.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Icon.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Gif.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Device.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Checkbox.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/code/Button.tsx
node_modules/@framer/framer.default/README.md
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/package.json
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/code/FakeProfile.tsx
node_modules/@framer/atharvapatil.fake-profile-image/README.md
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/tsconfig.json
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/treeUpdates.json
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/server.log
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/package.json
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/metadata/icon.png
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/metadata/artwork.png
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/dist/index.js
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/design/document.json
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/canvas.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/9. Glitch.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/8. Fly.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/7. Rotate.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/6. Blur.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/5. Color.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/4. Jump.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/3. Top Reveal.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/2. Background.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/10. Word.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/code/1. Middle Reveal.tsx
node_modules/@framer/anneshlee211.animated-text/README.md
design/images/zcm3kPpygKnrK6GQ5EF2LU2vah0.jpg
design/images/wq237EDbiftNRVOQJpvL7VbnJDM.jpg
design/images/wH3UwgRQqPcY4pHKxU5G45C4iE.jpg
design/images/qKQKCTShlJjIXclePxrwVLhzQg.jpg
design/images/jWrcyz7aQ5W9DO0n2zh7H6Ye8vE.jpg
design/images/jQsDs4JinkV0osvUnUTKf6UfOfw.jpg
design/images/ipJpqb8X6AZbpJfDqru6rBEXpp4.png
design/images/fVj1GO14vCLMuL6cu4MvFGIUyM.jpg
design/images/dYYIu41CiNSGW8YgkGv5Tz5id0.jpg
design/images/ahHpX6B1NpBAPIgWT60DFJyxF4.jpg
design/images/WXmdJPtF80bVejv0WUZeiHHScE.jpg
design/images/TF5cpMaOlkMamAmzNQH6JxVFM.jpg
design/images/OWVddPSySIQBPCPnrMoe6g588.jpg
design/images/OL1S9EqxaJYRXmTLjsJTZq3HXI4.jpg
design/images/Mujw9QKsPfcKuvcM6swekP7qg.jpg
design/images/KwsZcgO148NsPneiGn8KmSMpy1U.jpg
design/images/KlZx6NDJzsx2GWTcxSNTM2ka1w.jpg
design/images/KZt7Fqjf8o8GHPaddyGZy0EMk20.jpg
design/images/KI1kw7td7JDzFFm1xsblcoaB4.jpg
design/images/Jr2KILyFAmR7OICSq8HIyjMOxTk.jpg
design/images/FZy6qav2hIZZDek6cMRYd5WNHSQ.jpg
design/images/EQBtgqnh4u7RUpsd3JKvTpDg78g.png
design/images/C7ZyY90XL7qNN3YP1PnczgLgSc.jpg
design/images/BdEeDKUFi1EOqIQsJHEkf5MS1Wo.jpg
design/images/5CrxQwtnhZzyy7Kw5uf0yt5G8.jpg
design/images/4sSG84wpiz1EIhS6LICLTkoM3w.jpg
design/images/2tpmXOwh2QzmwP8FzwVVjnd4zPY.jpg
design/images/2oVc0dBM4wv8o5Q6FHXgdoVh7U.jpg
index.html
scripts/react/react.development.js
scripts/react-dom/react-dom.development.js
scripts/react-dom/react-dom-unstable-native-dependencies.development.js
styles/Draft.css
styles/style.css
scripts/standalone.js
styles/standalone-styles.linaria.css
internal.html
scripts/preview-next-export.js
styles/preview-next-export-styles.linaria.css
images/cursors/touch.png
images/cursors/touch@2x.png
images/cursors/touch-active.png
images/cursors/touch-active@2x.png
fonts/inter/Inter-Black.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-Black.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-BlackItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-BlackItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-Bold.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-Bold.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-BoldItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-BoldItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraBold.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraBold.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraBoldItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraBoldItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraLight.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraLight.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraLightItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-ExtraLightItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-Italic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-Italic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-Light.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-Light.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-LightItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-LightItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-Medium.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-Medium.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-MediumItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-MediumItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-Regular.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-Regular.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-SemiBold.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-SemiBold.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-SemiBoldItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-SemiBoldItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-Thin.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-Thin.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-ThinItalic.woff
fonts/inter/Inter-ThinItalic.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-italic.var.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter-roman.var.woff2
fonts/inter/Inter.var.woff2
fonts/inter/inter.css
